docs(UPDATING): Adding downtime for #16756 (#17293)
apache/superset: UPDATING.md

### Potential Downtime

> - [16756](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/16756): The renaming of column `dbs.allow_csv_upload` fails for MySQL 8 users because there's a check constraint on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [16756](https://github.com/apache/incubator-superset/pull/16756): a change which renames the `dbs.allow_csv_upload` column to `dbs.allow_file_upload` via a (potentially locking) DDL operation.
```

Reviewer: @exemplary-citizen it seems like @betodealmeida fix the MySQL 8 issue in the same migration and thus your original comment isn't really relevant.
